[[Ikiwiki]] uses many templates for many purposes. By editing its templates,
you can fully customise its appearance, and avoid duplicate content.

Ikiwiki uses the HTML::Template module as its template engine. This
supports things like conditionals and loops in templates and is pretty
easy to learn. All you really need to know to modify templates is this:

* To insert the value of a template variable, use `<TMPL_VAR variable>`.
* To make a block of text conditional on a variable being set use
  `<TMPL_IF variable>text</TMPL_IF>`.
* To use one block of text if a variable is set and a second if it's not,
  use `<TMPL_IF variable>text<TMPL_ELSE>other text</TMPL_IF>`

[[!if test="enabled(template) or enabled(edittemplate)" then="""
## template pages

Template pages are regular wiki pages containing a
[[!iki ikiwiki/directive/templatebody desc="templatebody directive"]],
used as templates for other pages. The parts of the template
page outside the directive can be used to document it.
"""]]

[[!if test="enabled(template)" then="""
The [[!iki ikiwiki/directive/template desc="template directive"]] allows
template pages to be filled out and inserted into other pages in the wiki.
"""]]

[[!if test="enabled(edittemplate)" then="""
The [[!iki ikiwiki/directive/edittemplate desc="edittemplate directive"]] can
be used to make new pages default to containing text from a template
page, which can be filled out as the page is edited.
"""]]

[[!if test="(enabled(template) or enabled(edittemplate))
and enabled(inline)" then="""
These template pages are currently available:

[[!inline pages="templates/* and !*.tmpl and !templates/*/* and !*/discussion"
feeds=no archive=yes sort=title template=titlepage
rootpage=templates postformtext="Add a new template page named:"]]
"""]]

If the template does not contain a `templatebody` directive, the entire
source of the page is used for the template. This is deprecated.

## template files

Template files are unlike template pages in that they have the extension
`.tmpl`. Template files are used extensively by Ikiwiki to generate html.
They can contain html that would not normally be allowed on a wiki page.

Template files are located in `/usr/share/ikiwiki/templates` by default;
the `templatedir` setting can be used to make another directory be
searched first. Customised template files can also be placed inside the
"templates/" directory in your wiki's source -- files placed there override
ones in the `templatedir`.

Here is a full list of the template files used:

* `page.tmpl` - Used for displaying all regular wiki pages. This is the
  key template to customise to change the look and feel of Ikiwiki.
  [[!if test="enabled(pagetemplate)" then="""
  (The [[!iki ikiwiki/directive/pagetemplate desc="pagetemplate directive"]]
  can be used to make a page use a different template than `page.tmpl`.)"""]]
* `rsspage.tmpl` - Used for generating rss feeds for blogs.
* `rssitem.tmpl` - Used for generating individual items on rss feeds.
* `atompage.tmpl` - Used for generating atom feeds for blogs.
* `atomitem.tmpl` - Used for generating individual items on atom feeds.
* `inlinepage.tmpl` - Used for displaying a post in a blog.
* `archivepage.tmpl` - Used for listing a page in a blog archive page.
* `titlepage.tmpl` - Used for listing a page by title in a blog archive page.
* `microblog.tmpl` - Used for showing a microblogging post inline.
* `blogpost.tmpl` - Used for a form to add a post to a blog (and rss/atom links)
* `feedlink.tmpl` - Used to add rss/atom links if `blogpost.tmpl` is not used.
* `aggregatepost.tmpl` - Used by the aggregate plugin to create
  a page for a post.
* `searchform.tmpl`, `googleform.tmpl` - Used by the search plugin 
  and google plugin to add search forms to wiki pages.
* `searchquery.tmpl` - This is a Omega template, used by the
  search plugin.
* `comment.tmpl` - Used by the comments plugin to display a comment.
* `change.tmpl` - Used to create a page describing a change made to the wiki.
* `recentchanges.tmpl` - Used for listing a change on the RecentChanges page.
* `autoindex.tmpl` - Filled in by the autoindex plugin to make index pages.
* `autotag.tmpl` - Filled in by the tag plugin to make tag pages.
* `calendarmonth.tmpl`, `calendaryear.tmpl` - Used by ikiwiki-calendar to
  make calendar archive pages.
* `trails.tmpl` - Used by the trail plugin to generate links on each page
  that is a member of a trail.
* `notifyemail.tmpl` - Used by the notifymail plugin to generate mails about
  changed pages.
* `editpage.tmpl`, `editconflict.tmpl`, `editcreationconflict.tmpl`,
  `editfailedsave.tmpl`, `editpagegone.tmpl`, `pocreatepage.tmpl`,
  `editcomment.tmpl` `commentmoderation.tmpl`, `renamesummary.tmpl`,
  `passwordmail.tmpl`, `emailauth.tmpl`, `login-selector.tmpl`, 
  `revert.tmpl` - Parts of ikiwiki's user interface; do not normally need
  to be customised.


[[!meta robots="noindex, follow"]]
