# Bootstrap features

This page will contain a display of various features from Bootstrap.
They require some manual HTML tags.
Note that not all Markdown parsers allow Markdown markup inside all HTML tags.
In the case of MultiMarkdown, adding `markdown="1"` to outer `div` elements usually allows markup to be used inside them.
For a full list of features provided by Bootstrap 4, go to <http://v4-alpha.getbootstrap.com/getting-started/introduction/>.

<div class="jumbotron" markdown="1">
## Jumbotron

It's big and in your face.

---

You can still use Markdown syntax inside HTML blocks, if you are careful.

<a class="btn btn-primary btn-large" href="#">Button</a>
</div>


## Badges <span class="badge badge-info">Hi!</span>

Span elements work inside Markdown headings.


<div class="card" markdown="1">
<div class="card-block">
## Cards

Put a border with soft round corners around your content.
</div>
</div>
<p/>


## Card decks

These require some more work.
You can use the `\[[!img]]` directive, but make sure to add `class="card-img-top"` or `class="card-img-bottom"` where appropriate.
For images in cards to work properly, they need to have their width forced to 100% of their container.
This is done in the `style.css` file that comes with ikistrap.

Another issue is that due to all the nested HTML tags, even with `markdown="1"`, Markdown markup does not get parsed anymore.

<div class="card-deck">
<div class="card">
[[!img Lemonshark.jpg alt="Lemon shark" class="card-img-top"]]
<div class="card-block">
<p class="card-text">
A lemon shark and his little friends are out for a swim.
</p>
</div>
<div class="card-footer"><a href="#" class="btn btn-danger">Escape</a></div>
</div>
<div class="card">
[[!img Anemones.jpg alt="Anemones" class="card-img-top"]]
<div class="card-block">
<p class="card-text">
Anemones look really nice and are much less dangerous than lemon sharks.
</p>
</div>
<div class="card-footer"><a href="#" class="btn btn-success">Admire</a></div>
</div>
<div class="card">
[[!img Sea_Star.jpg alt="Sea star" class="card-img-top"]]
<div class="card-block">
<p class="card-text">
Sea stars are also less dangerous than lemon sharks, but they are slightly more dangerous than
anemones, <em>especially</em> when stepped on.
</p>
</div>
<div class="card-footer"><a href="#" class="btn btn-warning">Sidestep</a></div>
</div>
</div>
<p/>


## Card columns

These can be created by writing the outer card-columns `div` elements yourself,
and using `\[[!inline]]` with `template="simplecard"` to generate the cards.

<div class="card-columns">
[[!inline pages="sample_text/* and !*/Discussion" template="simplecard" feeds="no"]]
</div>
<p/>


## Carousel

These can be created by writing the outer two carousel `div` elements yourself,
and using `\[[!inline]]` with `template="carouselpage"` to generate the carousel items.
However, care must be taken to properly style the contents of the carousel.
You might want to copy the carouselpage template and edit it to ensure the contents of the carousel have big enough margins.
You also need to ensure all pages have the same height, or enforce a fixed height for the whole carousel.
Here is an example with bare text:

<p>
<div id="carousel-example-pages" class="carousel slide" data-ride="carousel">
<div class="carousel-inner bg-inverse text-white" role="listbox" style="height: 10em">
[[!inline pages="sample_text/* and !*/Discussion" template="carouselpage" feeds="no"]]
</div>
<a class="carousel-control-prev" href="#carousel-example-pages" role="button" data-slide="prev">
<span class="carousel-control-prev-icon" aria-hidden="true"></span>
<span class="sr-only">Previous</span>
</a>
<a class="carousel-control-next" href="#carousel-example-pages" role="button" data-slide="next">
<span class="carousel-control-next-icon" aria-hidden="true"></span>
<span class="sr-only">Next</span>
</a>
</div>
</p>

If you only want to show images, use `template="carouselimage"`, and select your images directly with the `pages` parameter.

<p>
<div id="carousel-example-images" class="carousel slide" data-ride="carousel">
<div class="carousel-inner bg-inverse" role="listbox" style="height: 480px">
[[!inline pages="*.jpg" template="carouselimage" feeds="no"]]
</div>
<a class="carousel-control-prev" href="#carousel-example-images" role="button" data-slide="prev">
<span class="carousel-control-prev-icon" aria-hidden="true"></span>
<span class="sr-only">Previous</span>
</a>
<a class="carousel-control-next" href="#carousel-example-images" role="button" data-slide="next">
<span class="carousel-control-next-icon" aria-hidden="true"></span>
<span class="sr-only">Next</span>
</a>
</div>
</p>

## Progress bars

Ikistrap also provides a progress directive which works in the same way as the progress plugin,
but it also allows an extra class to be specified to change the style per bar.

[[!progress totalpages="* and !*/Discussion" donepages="*/Discussion"]]
[[!progress percent="33%" class="bg-info" height="2em"]]
[[!progress percent="66%" class="bg-success progress-bar-striped progress-bar-animated" height="3em"]]

## Other stuff

Goes here.

